Adobe Photoshop is registered trademark
of Adobe Systems Incorporated I am in no
way affiliated with Adobe
hi I'm Steve Anthony I'm a photographer
and digital retouching artist here in
New York City in this clip we're going
to talk about how to edit photos in
Photoshop now editing pictures in
Photoshop involves many different
aspects when they cover just a few of
them in this particular instance I've
opened a picture here for some editing
the most basic thing you might want to
do excuse me is is change your levels
now there's the best way to do that is
to go into image adjustments and just
click on auto levels now in this case it
lightened the picture a little bit and
punched up the contrast a tiny bit that
might be all you need to do that might
do it for your picture but let's say you
want to go a little bit further you say
well I'd like to make the picture a
little bit more intense so let's go to
let's go to a curves
now what curves allows you to do is by
changing the shape of this line change
the brightness and contrast levels of
your picture in most cases a very gentle
s curves all you're ever going to need
but this is the best way to adjust your
brightness and contrast with Photoshop
because it doesn't actually discard any
image information whereas using a
brightness and contrast settings which
I'll show you right now now this is
probably easier adjust your brightness
and contrast with these sliders but most
professionals prefer to use the curves
adjustment because it actually allows
you to make changes without discarding
any of the information in the picture
itself but if you're comfortable more
comfortable with the brightness and
contrast tools by all means use them
another useful tool for editing is hue
and saturation you might find that your
color is a little bit too intense
using your saturation slider bring it
down you can actually make it a
black-and-white picture by doing it
going all the way minus 100 but you
might want to punch up the color a
little bit give it a more sort of a
vintage slide look that's the hue just
chain that's you can do some scary
special effects with your color settings
I don't recommend that for my face but
some of you might find that interesting
maybe that's too intense so as you can
see there are many many different ways
to edit pictures in Photoshop I
encourage you to play around and find
the way that's most comfortable for you
there are immense and very very
versatile tools at your disposal in
Photoshop I'm Steve Anthony and this has
been how to edit pictures in Photoshop